Customer managed deployment agents launch blog + pricing page update (#3812)
pulumi/pulumi-hugo: themes/default/content/blog/customer-managed-deployment-agents-launch/index.md

# linter test. Max length is 160 characters.
meta_desc: Customer-Managed Agents for Pulumi Deployments is now available, allowing users to self-host deployment agents and get the same power and flexibility of Pulumi Deployments. 

# The meta_image appears in social-media previews and on the blog home page. A
# placeholder image representing the recommended format, dimensions and aspect
# ratio has been provided for you.
meta_image: meta.png

# At least one author is required. The values in this list correspond with the
# `id` properties of the team member files at /data/team/team. Create a file for
# yourself if you don't already have one.
authors:
    - arun-loganathan
    - german-lena 

# At least one tag is required. Lowercase, hyphen-delimited is recommended.
tags:
    - features

---

At Pulumi, we constantly strive to build solutions that not only simplify infrastructure management but also align with the diverse and specific needs of our customers. To that end, we're thrilled to announce the general availability of Customer-Managed Agents for Pulumi Deployments. 

<!--more-->

## Primer on Pulumi Deployments

> [Pulumi Deployments](/docs/pulumi-cloud/deployments/) is a fully managed platform for managing infrastructure at scale, providing easy-to-use building blocks that can be used as a simple CI/CD platform or to build a sophisticated self-serve platform to support thousands of engineers. [Traditional CI/CD platforms](/docs/pulumi-cloud/deployments/versus) focus on the git push workflows which fall short when managing infrastructure where the same code base is used to create new infrastructure with no explicit git push event.  Pulumi Deployments go beyond the git push based workflows to offer deployment triggers based on the [Pulumi Deployments REST API](/docs/pulumi-cloud/deployments/api), [click to deploy](/docs/pulumi-cloud/deployments/reference/#click-to-deploy) in the Pulumi Cloud console, [Review Stacks](/docs/pulumi-cloud/deployments/review-stacks), [remote Automation API](/docs/using-pulumi/automation-api), and many more features to come. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Pulumi Deployments](/docs/pulumi-cloud/deployments/) is a fully managed platform for managing infrastructure at scale, providing easy-to-use building blocks that can be used as a simple CI/CD platform or to build a sophisticated self-serve platform to support thousands of engineers. [Traditional CI/CD platforms](/docs/pulumi-cloud/deployments/versus) focus on Git-push workflows which fall short when managing infrastructure where the same code base is used to create new infrastructure with no explicit Git-push event.  Pulumi Deployments goes beyond the Git-push based workflows to offer deployment triggers based on the [Pulumi Deployments REST API](/docs/pulumi-cloud/deployments/api), [click to deploy](/docs/pulumi-cloud/deployments/reference/#click-to-deploy) in the Pulumi Cloud console, [Review Stacks](/docs/pulumi-cloud/deployments/review-stacks), [remote Automation API](/docs/using-pulumi/automation-api), and many more features to come. 
```

> Since its launch, Pulumi Deployments has transformed how organizations manage their infrastructure, offloading the execution of Pulumi Infrastructure as Code (IaC) actions - such as previews, updates, destroys, and refreshes - to compute Pulumi manages. Our customers have used it to deploy and manage mission-critical services, driving efficiencies and reducing the operational burden of deploying and managing infrastructure. 

Reviewer: `to compute Pulumi manages` seems like a typo somehow. Should it be `to Pulumi Cloud`? Or perhaps `to Pulumi-managed compute`?

```suggestion
Since its launch, Pulumi Deployments has transformed how organizations manage their infrastructure, offloading the execution of Pulumi infrastructure as code (IaC) actions --- such as previews, updates, destroys, and refreshes --- to Pulumi Cloud. Our customers have used it to deploy and manage mission-critical services, driving efficiencies and reducing the operational burden of deploying and managing infrastructure. 
```

## Deploy on Your Terms: Launching Customer-Managed Agents

With the launch of Customer-Managed Agents, you can now self-host the deployment agents within your infrastructure, bringing the same power and flexibility of Pulumi-hosted deployments to isolated environments. Customers with hard security and compliance requirements can now fully leverage Pulumi Deployments. 

## Key Benefits of Customer-Managed Deployment Agents

- **Host anywhere**: You can host the deployment agents anywhere to manage infrastructure, even within your fully private VPCs
- **Any hardware, any environment<sup>1</sup>**: Run the agents on any hardware of your choice and configure the environment that meets your needs

> - **Mix & match**: You can use standard Pulumi-hosted deployments for your development stacks and use self-hosted Customer-Managed Agents for your private network infrastructure. You can mix and match to suit your unique needs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Mix & match**: You can use standard Pulumi-hosted deployments for your development stacks and use self-hosted Customer-Managed Agents for your private network infrastructure (or mix and match to suit your unique needs)
```

- **Multiple pools**: You can set up multiple deployment agent pools, assign stacks to specific pools, and scale agents dynamically to increase your deployment concurrency. Customers can have up to 150 concurrent deployments
- **Meet compliance**: You can configure the agents with the credentials needed to manage your infrastructure. This way your cloud provider credentials never leave your private network

<sup>1</sup> *Currently Linux and MacOS are supported*

> Customer-Managed Agents support all the deployment triggers currently offered by Pulumi Deployments such as click to deploy, the Pulumi Deployments REST API, git push to deploy, Review Stacks, and remote Automation API. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Customer-Managed Agents support all the deployment triggers currently offered by Pulumi Deployments such as click to deploy, the Pulumi Deployments REST API, Git push to deploy, Review Stacks, and remote Automation API. 
```

{{% notes "info" %}}
Customer-Managed Agents is available on the Business Critical edition of Pulumi Cloud. [Contact sales](/contact/?form=sales) if you are interested and want to enable Customer-Managed Agents. If you are a self-hosted Pulumi Cloud customer, please [get in touch](https://share.hsforms.com/1YajiJ73sSuGn5RoTkyvKxg2mxud) to be notified when it is available.
{{% /notes %}}

## How to get started

Before you begin, ensure you have installed the [Pulumi Github App](/docs/using-pulumi/continuous-delivery/github-app/) and update the [source control settings](/docs/pulumi-cloud/deployments/get-started). [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/) is a requirement for the agent.

### Install and configure the agent

> Go to **Deployment runners** under Organization Settings in the left-hand navigation menu. Once on the Deployment runners page, click on the 'Add a new pool' button. Next, provide a name and description for your agent. You will then get a new access token for the pool, ensure to copy and save the token in a secure location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to **Deployment runners** under Organization Settings in the left-hand navigation menu. Once on the Deployment runners page, click the **Add a new pool** button. Next, provide a name and description for your agent. You will then get a new access token for the pool. Be sure to copy and save this token in a secure location.
```

> Go to **Deployment runners** under Organization Settings in the left-hand navigation menu. Once on the Deployment runners page, click on the 'Add a new pool' button. Next, provide a name and description for your agent. You will then get a new access token for the pool, ensure to copy and save the token in a secure location.

Reviewer: This sort of skips past the part about installing and starting the actual agent. (It goes from "you get a token" to "you're now up and running".) We should probably mention this briefly just for clarity.

Author: Great catch. Let me edit that!

> {{< video title="Create a new pool" src="./create-new-pool.mp4" autoplay="true" loop="true" >}}

Reviewer: These videos move _really_ fast -- so fast that it's hard to really see what's going on in them without watching them several times and looking super closely, which is a little disorienting. If there's any way to slow them down, I'd suggest it.

{{< notes type="warning" >}}

> If you run into issues, ensure docker is running before you configure and start the agents. Ensure you restart or refresh the shell session (example: `source ~/.zshrc`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you run into issues, ensure Docker is running before you configure and start the agents, and restart or refresh the shell session if necessary (example: `source ~/.zshrc`).
```

Author: restarting or refreshing the shell is necessary. I'll keep this as is.
